hey guys here I have this 2014 Ford
Fusion titanium this one obviously has
the EcoBoost engine so we'll go ahead
and kind of take a little look at it and
one of the first things that I'm
noticing that is different is the
exhausts are different I don't know if
I've ever said this in one of my videos
but there has been a common issue with
the fusion that the chrome exhaust would
turn black because of so much soot in
all that comes out of the exhaust pipes
because the engines turbocharged but
this one has I guess a guard it's not
technically an attached pipe you can
still see where the pipe comes out back
there but I don't know I think I'd still
rather have what mine has just because
it's a more you get more of the chrome
look but that's not bad and that's a
pretty good fix they disguised it pretty
well as you can see this one has the
19-inch rims just like my car has I
would absolutely get these rims on the
titanium I think like I said that these
make or break the car so that's
definitely a must for me coming to the
window sticker this one is front wheel
drive has the 2-liter with the 6-speed
auto ingot silver with charcoal black
leather I wish this one had the interior
appearance package with the brick red
leather because I would absolutely love
to see that in person and would love to
trade my car in on one that's a 2014
that has the brick red and all wheel
drive so I don't know that would never
happen because it's just too much money
so this one the this one has the 300 a
equipment group optional equipments are
premium floor mats the moonroof the
driver assistance package which is now
$1,200 I paid $1,000 for my drive
this package so the price has gone up a
little bit and this one has the 19-inch
rims which are $695 option so you can
pause that if you want to see the rest
of the options I apologize for all the
road noise I'm right next to a highway
so that's what that is as you can see
you have your smart key entry system
comes standard on the titanium you also
have the little chrome strip and your
blind spot information system in the
door coming around to the front this one
also has the park assist feature which
is not really anything I would ever use
but it is cool you can always tell that
it has the Park Assist and all that
stuff by the sensors on the front my car
does not have the front sensors but
these with the Park Assist do so that's
pretty nice you also have two more
sensors on either side of the license
plate you still have the beautiful Aston
Martin desk front end
I'm really glad Ford kept that I don't
believe they changed to HIDs I think
they're still projectors which was a
fail on Ford's Park for not even putting
it on the 2013 I think they should have
but that's just me I don't know I'm not
for its designer
but looking at the interior on this one
it's identical to mine except for the
parking feature right down here you can
see that's the self Park button but I
don't believe this one has the adaptive
cruise or the